---
layout: post
title: I love building stuff.
---
<strong>I love building stuff.</strong> I was always a big tech buff and design enthusiast. After college I found a job with the world's largest domain provider. The first position I held was in a technical support position. This was the first time I was really exposed to the world of web development. While my role was ultimately to assist customers with the company's products, my interest was rapidly shifting towards web development. I spent my free time learning the basics, I bought my first book on HTML and CSS and pretty soon I was doing just enough to create some basic sites with Wordpress.

I moved into a sales role within the company and spent my days consulting on web sites. I loved talking to people who knew more than I did about what they were doing, how they were building their sites and how they used technology to serve their businesses. My time in sales lit an entrepreneurial fire that I didn't know I had. The notion that you could take an idea and turn it into something real so quickly drive my to push my knowledge. I purchased a VPS from digital ocean and began putting together a subscription website. I found myself in a predicament. I felt like I was trying to build a car with a coke bottle and pliers. It drove my crazy, I felt like I was so close to being able just imagine things into existence. <em>I didn't know enough.</em> Which was actually totally cool with me, it meant spending countless hours researching and learning new things.

<strong>Patience.</strong> AKA something I desperately needed to learn. I spent way too long developing my subscription site. Mainly because of the coke bottle and pliers things I mentioned earlier. At this point, I was realizing that the part of the business I really liked was building the site and tools for it. I wanted to make it as efficient as possible. That is what really made me happy, I would build something and then automate some task forever. This brought me immense joy. I learned to learn better than I had been capable before. I learned to set realistic timeframes for myself and to take learning slow, which actually made it faster. I learned to be truly patient with myself and my goals, which also in turn had the effect of manifesting them faster.

At this point <strong>I am hopelessly hooked.</strong> I wanted to build all the things, every last one of them. I had always heard people talk about how they made their passion their work. I was skeptical of the possibility until I found development.

I took a big risk. I quit my job of 5 years, cashed out some stocks, meal planned by purchasing a 25 pound bag of rice (emergency rice) and sat down and started learning. Despite being jobless for the first time since I was 15 and doing away with all security in my life, I felt more confident than ever.
